# 05.04.2022
* 5 Apr 2022 | 3P Roadmap/next steps
* Attendees:  Pioneers Prize Curator 

## Agenda
* Review Administrative Curator: First order of business review doc
* Review two challenge submissions
  * ZK category
    * Zprize
      * Website
      * Challenges
    * Infrastructure category
      * Student infrastructure proposal by Sriram Vishwanath

## Context
* This meeting is to discuss and decision the following
  * the funding of child bounties and what funds can be used for including the size of each grant
  * the candidate application, selection, and submission process for challenges, including application targets such as how many applicants we'd like per challenge, etc
  * what should be on the pioneersprize.polkadot.network site, in detail
* Review two challenge submission
  * ZK category
    * Zprize
    * Website
    * Please review the challenges
    * We have committed the 47300 DOT to Zprize via their sponsor form. Tentatively, we have allocated 125,000 USD worth of DOT to 8 different challenges as a placeholder, we will discuss how much of the total 47300 DOT does to each challenge during our call
    * Once the allocation numbers are finalized, I will add them to the Polkassembly community post
   * Infrastructure category
     * Student infrastructure proposal by Sriram Vishwanath
     * Approval of his proposal would more loosely define funding of the Infrastructure category to be less research heavy and more community focused
     * The wallet address is pending because the clubs mentioned will manage them. Sriram will share the details of the student run club governance at a later date as well as the wallet addresses
     * There are two options for the requested amount of the proposal, 1) a lump sum of 125k DOT paid out in three installments, 2) a first payment of 12,500 DOT, with a possible approval pending another proposal submission and an audit of two addition payments (25,000 DOT and 87,500 DOT respectively)
 * Future challenges for both categories
   * Future challenge ideas for Infrastructure and ZK categories

## Notes
* alistair@web3.foundation:
  * The ZPrize challenges mostly seem to be things we aren't interested in
  * The Open division challenges submitted are only semi-useful to us. Is it possible to create a 10th Open division challenge that the other collaborators contribute to?
    * Yes, Austin to reach out
  * Can use 50% of the allotment to fund challenges 1, 4, and 5, and our TBD 10, and then use the remaining 50% to fund a Team division challenge we run and define?
    * Yes, Austin to reach out
* raul@justopensource.io
  * Some considerations
  * Funding US stuff is still something we should keep in mind, especially within the context of Sriram’s Student infrastructure proposal
  * Let’s fund through a spending proposal instead
    * Curator agreed
* bryan@acala.network
  * Would be helpful to have data around candidate target numbers for challenges, such as how many people we’d like to submit to compete as well as the  total number of high-value targets that are available
    * Austin to work on this
* sota@stake.co.jp
* aleixo@web3.foundation
  * Website vs GitHub pages
  * I recall us wanting to use GitHub pages, what’s the difference between this and using the website -> value prop?
  * A GitHub page will help streamline the repo but will also offer better formatting for things like a project roadmap or wiki
  * The GitHub repo will host artifacts such as meeting note references as well other other information such as challenge submission criteria, etc

### Action items
- Decide on the highlighted sections, -> external reference
- Provide any remaining feedback on Talking points by commenting there by the end of this week, 08.03.2022
- Follow up with Zprize around 10th common challenge and funding 1, 4, and 5
- Add visual representations for fund allocations to Zprize
- Add challenge allocation numbers to Polkassembly post by EOW prior to Zprize press release launch
- Start defining the 2 infrastructure challenges and create docs for async feedback
- Create meeting with Alisatiar, Raul, Alex, for ZK stuff to discuss reaminging
- Alex and Alistair to come up with 10th Open division submission for Zprize and Team division challenge(s)


